typewritter effect for text!!


*****TODO*****

fix node animations - DONE
port the code to the scenes (from the sandbox) - DONE
delete scene needs to take in an array for different tasks - DONE

Nikol:
can the scene take more than one data parameter? (sceneName, [[tasks],[tree]]) - DONE
select trees for the levels and what tasks are to be done  - DONE
update tasks for Searching and Insertion  - DONE
update MenuBST - pass tasks to deletions, add about and reward scenes  - DONE
enable ESC to be able to go back to menu from the learning scenes  - DONE

All:
review explanations
write && review the stories (say what the bst and rb-bst stands for, explain the locked level)
explanations about the links
plan how to do and code About level
plan how to do and code Reward level

Explanations:
keep important words in bold, for ABOUT level match the colours of the elements and the word in the text
(example: root in text is written in blue and in the tree it is highlighted in blue)
make static highlichts at the tree (everything is already highlighted and stays highlighted), 
or coordinate with the text and make dynamic (appears and disappears)

Ugu:
compare Insertion.js with InsertionLinked.js - DONE
add scenes for panels - DONE
make curtain graphics (kind of 3d node) - DONE
make nodes for the reward level - 791, 129 - DONE
make selector/highlight for the nodes - DONE
make backgrounds with planets (can tween them so they would look like floating) (add a comet falling? with particles)
code the panels to show task and feedback and level (send info from level scene to panel scene) MAKE CONTAINERS
make graphics for showing the player's reward

Zooming
STORY popups on title page, learn page and play page
add scene for expert alien (alienTalk("insert");)
HOLOGRAM alien with hologram text
merge panels like so [  |  ]
teleporting sprite animation (spriteSheet)
more visible feedback

in deletion animation make the links move with the branch
reward presentation/display
teleporting animation
big positive feedback (falling comet?)
loading screens
CANVAS SIZE
fix loading of assets - DONE
need a different method of starting scenes in MenuBST - DONE
actually LOCK the Reward level (booleans) - DONE
press SPACEBAR to go to next level (need to lock so that the user cannot press and go to next level during the level) - DONE

make working BST levels (on failure popup for video, on success alien talks)

fix the graphics (the colours, brigthness, contrast, sizes)

find out about RB deletion
fix the red black collapsing link
code the RED BLACK
do the learn RB mode (menu and levels)

record hint videos and add to learn mode

code the Play mode (with one BST level if RB is not ready yet)

**********

Extras:
combo/ on a strike - like 10 operations in a row without a mistake
make the talking alien blink, maybe facial expressions?

After meeting with Radu 07/08:

leaderboard with firebase? that show 10 best scores of all time
hologram expett alien at the side of the screens
two tasks per level
guided task by expert, other diy

shaking tree (swayed by the wind)
expert sends/uploads a book to the alien's computer, expert says take this to learn and I will also help you/guide you
macro operations to micro operations
darken the screen to highlight the stuff that the expert is doing
teleportation animations

terminal:
    has commands that user can enter for swaping nodes and drawing links
    commands in the terminal:
        help
        keyboard
        link (verb - link the nodes)
        swap (swap the nodes)
        overwrite (null to key when inserting, key to null?)

overwrite - insert 
swap
link
create children

----------------
Old todo:
collide for curtain only with node
edit revealValue
put callback functions of colliders for the keys as single function where we pass a key
put all colliders and overlaps in a general reusable function - KIND OF DONE?
destroy all the physics bodies of the nodes
how to close the curtain, the one we stand on, after we press enter for search (line 249) - FIXED?

----------------------------------
Notes: 

In Panel and ExperAlien there were problems were when a function of these scenes is called in other scene,
(for example searching or insertion) then it would say some elements of Panel or Expert are undefined, as if thei were not loaded yet?
For some reason when I moved all of the loading of assets from Panel and ExpertAlien to the TitlePage that fixed the problem.
Maybe cuz assets slow down the loading of the whole scene?

*****
Why it would not make sense to use SVG in Phaser 3:

Caveats might be that it turns it into a regular image at load time. 
So you might end up with a blurry image if you scale it later, since it’s no longer an SVG.
You would need to pass in a config object at load (SVGSizeConfig 28) to get the scale you want.
this.load.svg('key', 'path/to/svg.svg', {width:400, height:400});
Excerpt from a devlog 8: “The problem is that if the SVG file has a particularly large size,
you’ll have to scale it down using code within Phaser. This isn’t difficult but it does meant it’s
just wasting GPU texture memory. The reverse is also true. If the SVG dimensions are quite small then 
you need to scale the texture up via code and the result is likely to look blurred and pixelated, negating 
the benefit of it being an SVG in the first case.”


we couldn't update the static physics body of the custom container class. 
The same method worked for a custom rectangle class tho.